Minor refactor and add unstable_pattern to client onError (#14573)
remix-run/react-router: .changeset/long-brooms-shake.md

---
"react-router": patch
---

> [UNSTABLE] Internal refactor to how `unstable_onError` is called by `RouterProvider`

Author: ```suggestion
[UNSTABLE] Add `unstable_pattern` to the parameters for client side `unstable_onError`, refactor how it's called by `RouterProvider` to avoid potential strict mode issues
```
